1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic and explanation of methodology raise in your mind. 

How accurate is Google Trends data showing what people eat after a breakup? 

Does search interest reflect behavior or just curiosity?  

Are some states represented due to population size or internet usage?  

 
2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL. 

https://trends.google.com/trends/ 

 
3. The article concluded that Ømilkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food, topping the list in six states.Æ Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and change the date range to February 1, 2024, through February 28, 2025. 

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for ØInterest over timeÆ? 

Jan 31 Å Feb 28th, 2025, with 99.  
	b) What is the lowest dip recorded? 

Nov 30th Å Dec 31st, 2024, with 65 

 

4. At the top next to the box for ØMilkshake,Æ there is a plus sign to add another search term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food). 

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip? 

Highest: Apr 30th Å May 31st, 2024 

Lowest: Oct 31st, Dec 31st, 2024 
	b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now? 

The line does not show as dramatically as it did previously since the average interest between both of them is at a different level.  

 
5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to ØInterest over timeÆ for more information about how trend results are displayed. 

The line for milkshake changed because itís displayed on an interest scale between 0 to 100 while milkshakes average interest scale stayed around 29 Hamburgerís average is 86.  

 
6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic). 

Ice Cream  

 
a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between 

searches for Breakup and Hamburger? 

A pattern I've noticed is they both drop in October and are at their peak in April through July.  
	b) How about Breakup and Milkshake? 

The only pattern I've noticed is that they slowly rise during December.  

 
7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the article? 

It shows that itís not fully reliable mainly because it shows relative search interest, not actual behavior. Meaning searching for a specific food doesnít really mean they're consuming it after a breakup. It can be by other factors like trends, seasons, or unrelated events that can influence that data.  

 
8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for ØBack to Classic Explore.Æ Notice that this view includes a section for ØCompared breakdown by subregion.Æ 
	a) What was the top state of interest for Milkshake? 

North Carolina  
	b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger? 

South Dakota  